hi this is dr. and you're watching my
show fun fact i have already filmed this
once today time fatique to so just so
you guys know because i've gotten so
many messages about this um Kevin Butler
is back working for Sony again doing
those commercials I had so many messages
from people after i had that episode
where I talked about how Kevin Butler
had left the company was going to pursue
other acting nonsense apparently he is
back for who knows how long that I
personally had already taken the time to
be like you know what Kevin I respect
that you have to leave it's not a big
deal I kind of quasi enjoyed your
commercials anyway so you and I were
good it's not a big deal go have your
life feels like a big fake-out man
although i do like pretending that the
way that it all went down with sony came
up to him they were like so uh yeah I
think we're gonna have to let you go and
then Kevin was like no long story short
if you have missed kevin butler in the
few short weeks that he has been gone he
is in a new commercial for the long live
play campaign that they're doing for
playstation and a resistance three
commercial so hopefully he'll be giving
us nice douchey one-liners until the end
of time so the first game in the
five-part Back to the Future series that
came out from Telltale Games the very
first one is on sale for free now on the
PSN I checked it out myself because
there have been a couple of times where
I've said oh this is apparently free and
then somebody has sent me a message
being like how do i how do i do is there
like a special thing that I gotta do and
I'm like I don't know man i just read
coupon pages for too long and then i
eventually maybe use them i'm not sure
what to tell you but this one i checked
out myself it's downloading right now on
my playstation 3 so it definitely works
but make sure that you don't go to the
one that says back to the future part 1
through 5 because then you have to buy
it but if you just get back to the
future part 1 just search for back to
the future and then it'll be on there
it'll say free and it's all fantastic
but it's not until four
her you only have the opportunity to get
the first part for free until September
27th I guess maybe these games are doing
very well although they have been
offering it for free on the pc for a
while so i know maybe they just thought
maybe we can all expand the groups of
people are trying to play this game well
I'll give it a try it's free now I know
that I talked about a reality TV show
last time but I need you guys to know
that there is now another reality TV
show that you have the opportunity to be
it if you would like it's by the
creators of mythbuster and survivor and
amazing race and all those and it's
called king of the Nerds now comes a new
competition based show embracing and
celebrating passionate and intellectual
guys and girls 21 to 30 years old
apparently you could win big money this
is like super legit I'm not going to
link you to the actual casting page
because I really want you to have the
experience of going to the article and
then reading the comments it's just it's
like a whole big package deal and it's
just it's magical but yes so they are
looking for contestants basically if you
know so much random trivia about so many
different types of nerdy things you
should be on this reality show although
everybody that I've ever known that has
been on a reality show says that they're
absolutely terrible you with that what
you will first dlc for deus ex human
revolution is coming out next month
remember this is September at first I
thought we were still in August and I
was like oh my gosh September's just
around the corner that's fantastic it's
already September it's not coming out
until October hey you after that dose of
creepiness it's called the missing link
so name is the DLC and the idea of it is
that Jensen has been trapped on a
freighter and had all of his
augmentations removed which made me go
how's he gonna be able to do anything
anyway so um yeah they're hoping that
you'll see like more of a vulnerable
side to Adam Jensen's
you know it'll be interesting I am
wondering um how exactly you're supposed
to do anything though but it is an
interesting idea like what do you do in
that much of yourself has been augmented
and then taken away although it's the
same as if your flesh and blood it's
easy enough to take away a limb and
again after that dose of creepiness it
will be coming out in October not sure
exactly the day and we're not sure about
the price either so we'll see maybe I'll
be one of those really awesome ones or
they're like hey it's free but probably
not as I last piece of news which is
actually more of a reminder call of duty
expose going on right now there is a
live feed of it that we started watching
when it first began today but for some
call of duty focused news on that note
um call of duty elite is going to be
4999 a year they have a set price now I
don't really have much to say about that
except that the call of duty elite logo
just it constantly it constantly
irritates me it's not that I don't get
it I get it I see that it says elite and
it's the exact same thing but flipped
and I just I just don't like it also and
I thought that this was really
interesting did you guys know that there
was going to be a call of duty spin-off
adventure game and they were like eight
or nine months into making it and they
had kind of a prototype and they felt
like it was gonna be really cool like
they were feeling really good about it
and then suddenly they were approached
and they were like well you could either
work on this game or you can work on
modern warfare two which um you know
obviously when you weigh call of duty
spin-off adventure game that people may
love or may hate modern warfare 3 that
everybody is going to be exploding over
it's kind of an opportunity that you
can't pass up although I'm wondering
since they already have like a prototype
and stuff maybe someday it'll come out
maybe it's something that they will
focus on again once they you know how
they have a brief reprieve it might just
scrap it all together it's hard to say
but I would like to see it at least hit
like a focus group of some sort to see
you know whether or not people are
receptive to it anywho that is my show
think
you so much for watching if you have a
positive or negative response feel free
to leave it in the comments section if
you want to have coffee with me you can
go ahead and click wherever I put the
annotation and it will take you to my
other channel where I'm going to talk
about a crazy driving experience not
crazy but I driving experience that I
had today that was just recockulous but
otherwise I hope that you guys have a
great day and a great weekend and I will
talk to you again on Monday from mowing
news all right be safe bye bye MA no